#-------------------Escena1-------------------#

1)------------------

Narrator: 

	God, it is said, sends the world saints when they are most needed-not men and women of "general holiness," but specialized experts who fit into the pattern of the times and are capable of giving God's tone to their century.
	And so it was that on August 16, 1815 when one era was closing in Europe with the exile of Napoleon, and the Industrial Revolution was clanging another opened, "a man was sent by God whose name was John." He came to the scrubby stone cottage of Francis and Margaret Bosco on the hills of Becchi, at the foot of the Italian Alps. Two years after John was born, his father died. "A fine healthy baby," the neighbors all agreed, "fit for the soil, to take his father's place on the old homestead." But no one went further than that in predicting the child's future.
	
Margarita: Thanks for the help John, now you can continue reading

John: I'm feeling sleepy, I´d better take a nap.

2)------------------

Kid1: I'm going to rearrange your face

Kid2: I'm gonna give you a beating you'll never forget

Kid1: I will knock your teeth out

Kid2: I'll break your neck

John: Hey, stop you idiots!

3)------------------

Jesus: John... You will have to win these friends of yours not with blows, but with gentleness and kindness. So begin right now to show them that sin is ugly and virtue beautiful

John: But how can you order me to do something that looks so impossible?

Jesus: What seems so impossible you must achieve by being obedient and by acquiring knowledge.

John: But where, how?

Jesus: I will give you a Teacher, under whose guidance you will learn and without whose help all knowledge becomes foolishness.

John: But who are you?

Jesus: I am the Son of Her whom your mother has taught you to greet three times a day.

John: My mother told me not to talk to people I don't know unless she gives me permission. So, please tell me your name.

Mary: Look!

Mary: This is your field, this is where you must work. Make yourself humble, steadfast, and strong. And what you will see happen to these animals you will have to do for my children.

Mary: In due time everything will be clear to you.

4)------------------

Narrator: 

	After that dream, John understood that his vocation was a life dedicated to god and the youth, he decided to be a priest.
	His brother was really angry because he spend a lot of time studying, but no working in the farm. Things were getting worse. Finally margarita had to make a difficult decition.

Margarita: This is for the best John, I found you a job with the Moglia's family in Moncucco, you can study there, and your brother won't bother you anymore.

John: Goodbye mother, I will miss you.

Margarita: Bye John, take care of yourself.

Narrator:

	And John went to work to Moncucco and started to study to become a Priest, there were so many experiences that formed his personality, but the next one is a pretty playable/fun one.


#-------------------Escena2-------------------#

1)------------------

Narrator:
	
	John Bosco studied hard to become a priest, but meanwhile he had lots of adventures.
	This day nobody went to school in Moncucco, a mountebank was in the town, and everyone went to see him, including John.

Mountebank: Get closer boys, I'm gonna to challenge you, which of you has the courage to accept this challenge and compete against me?

John: I'll do it!

Mountebank: Alright! let's go!

2)------------------

Mountebank: This is the first challenge, I dare you to jump that hole.

L) Mountebank: Haha!, you can't even win the first challenge

W) Mountebank: Great job, let's do something more interesting...


3)------------------

Mountebank: Well, here we are, let's see if you can reach the peak of that mountain.

L) Mountebank: good try, but insufficent.

W)Mountebank: Well done,  Get off there, and follow me.

4)------------------

Mountebank: Okay this is the last challenge, you have to beat me in a race, the first that completes two laps is the winner. Good luck.

L)Mountebank: Best luck for the next

W)Mountebank: Ah, well... you win this time. You are good, boy! you are good...

John: Thanks!


#-------------------Escena3-------------------#

1)------------------

Narrator:

	In the nineteenth century, the industrial revolution seriusly affects the Italian homes, almost all the children had to get a job to help their families.
	Don Bosco, the way as everyone knew him, continued his studies in this context and he finally became a priest. 
	One day while he was living in Turin a group of kids stealed a bakery, and the baker chased to beat them, Don Bosco had to stop him before this gets worse.

Baker: I'm gonna to catch you all!

Baker: Give me back my bread!

Baker: You little bastards

Donbosco: Sir, stop!

Donbosco: Wait!

Donbosco: let them go!

Baker: Why did you let them go? what kind of priest are you? now you must pay me for that bread

Donbosco: This is the unique that you care about? take your money.

2)------------------

Don bosco: why are you crying?

Women crying: My two kids are in jail, and I can't do nothing, there are so sad, I saw his faces, there are no hope in them.

Don bosco: why are they in jail?

Women crying: they come one day with food, and they said that they obtained it by working for a old lady, but the true is that they steal her his vegetables and fruit. I don't teach that to them, but the bad company and this poverty are not good influences.

Don bosco: I'm sorry, that god bless you. I promise you that I will do something to help all this kids including yours.

Women crying: Thanks Don bosco... do everything you can to help them

Narrator: After days of talking and waiting for an answer of the Governor clementi, he accepted to let the kids get out of the jail one day with don bosco.

- Come here
- Hey you, come here
- God create everything we are seing, the sky, the grass, the threes, everything!
- Jesuschrist sacrificed himself for us, the son of the very same god.
- The beautiful that is the world is created by god!


Hi Don Bosco!
Hello father!
Greetings Don Bosco!

